[Music]
Well done Falling and getting up are yet to happen, I am yet to get lost
in the fun
[Music] Taking
you in these arms,
walking with you is yet to happen
Fearing mischiefs is yet to happen Fighting with you is yet to happen
Flying and getting excited with you is yet to happen Live
for you, dying for you You are my sun You are
my shade You are my
companion You are the caravan You are my sun You are my
skin You are our journey
[Music]
Caravan Falling and getting up are yet to happen
Walking with you is yet to happen What is left
because this journey is a bit long
Many of the promises that have been made are yet to be fulfilled
[Music]
So that these promises do not remain unfulfilled Always
wear a helmet and make your children wear it too
[Music]
ICICI Lombard keeps its promises